yeah it is in some ways it's nice if we
can come out of training camp you know
it would be great like we did it be for
now so it's nice because we can really
work on some of our stuff we can just
try to simplify stuff on the new guys
and everybody just getting on the same
page so it's good if you forget how
little practice those guys have had
Justin oh no I mean you can mix less
than seven days I think so they haven't
had a lot of time and more importantly
ahead in any multiple days where you
practice you have another prizes you
have another one so you can actually
work on stuff and I think that will help
all up now it's opposite to have
something you guys are not really know
exactly what the respectable class what
stuff but you know it's what we have so
i don't really are corner we worry about
it you know it's a situation wherein we
didn't mean this to happen but it
happened so you know so that you can do
about it I mean Jim common factor four
or five core guys though yeah I do and
and I think with Jeff and then native
those guys we can get them integrated
enough there will be ready to play
be ready for Game one I do but I'm not I
can't guarantee that you know he's going
to do a little bit today you know we're
not going to do another we're gonna walk
through stuff so I can do today but
tomorrow and then the following day are
the two big days for Shaq he's going to
try to get through practices here we can
come to last a couple of months we came
out and
that affected you as far as you you know
it seems like it's been a difficult this
was been difficult because know him in
jail you know we had the one game i
think baby missed the game and needed
missed again we know it's just been
tough but it's no it's listen we've got
through it we want a lot of games with
all the stuff that went on and I think
we're ready to play the playoffs do you
think guys are kind of impressed by that
idea that you are in the playoffs well
they better be because there's no other
thing molino you know it's the playoff
time
it gives an opportunity to get back
where we want to get back to you know
and like I said yes it is tough you lose
a game seven is seven games years in the
finals and you have not only just the
rest of the summer which is short but
then you have the entire year to get
through just to start to try to get back
to where you're at that is tough
mentally you know I think parts of them
were players and coaches coaches are
coaches you know they just want to win
the gangman the players do have the
ability to see matrix